Document and test Button component's "small" size (#566)
primer/brand: .changeset/early-kangaroos-appear.md

---
'@primer/brand-primitives': patch
'@primer/react-brand': patch
---

> Corrected block padding of `size="small"` Button component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adjusted block padding of small button controls from `12px` to `8px`. 

This change affects all small size `Button` and `ActionMenu` instances.
```
